If anyone can get the Wancheng occupancy qualification
Promotion and salary increase
I am all satisfied
What is your position in the company now in late autumn?
Team leader design continues
Well, what about the team leader?
The minister, of course.
So do you want to be a minister?
You're kidding me!
Grandpa would never have given me that chance
old man
Since everyone is the same
Then our late autumn also wants to try it.
Can you do it? A stinky bitch who got kicked out of the house
Does he have the qualifications?
whimsical
Invest in beauty
Don't see what you are
I also want to make friends with rich people, get promotions and raises
What an idiot
Sit down
Don't talk nonsense.
How can I have that qualification?
How do you know if you don't try?
How is it, old man?
If our family is late autumn
You can also get this Wanzhong occupancy qualification.
Can you also give him a promotion and a raise?
What about distributing equity?
Okay, then if he wants to be a Su enterprise
What about the head of the design department of the group?
Yeah, good.
It's a deal.